feat: add accessor protocol and refactor `stats/base/nanvariancepn` (#6171)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/nanvariancepn/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( N, correction, x, strideX )
    Computes the variance of a strided array ignoring `NaN` values and using a
    two-pass algorithm.

>     The `N` and stride parameters determine which elements in the stride arrays

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `N` and stride parameters determine which elements in the strided array
```
